Improve developer guide for subscription setup in Events (#2837)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/events/subscribe-to-events/developer-guides/setup-subscription/_index.en.md

your system is interested in on your side when events are being posted to your system endpoint.

##### Typical app events:
- app.instance.created
- app.instance.process.movedTo.Task_2
- app.instance.process.completed

##### Examples from other sources:
- no.altinn.broker.published
- no.altinn.correspondence.correspondencepublished
- dialogporten.dialog.created.v1

Altinn Events doesn't dictate what type of events different event sources is using. You'll need to look at the documentation
for each source for accurate information.

{{% notice warning %}}
Setting `typeFilter` to an empty string (`""`) will cause the subscription to silently fail to match events. This is a common
source of errors that is difficult to debug, as no validation error is returned.
{{% /notice %}}

#### includeSubunits
Allows events where the subject of the event is a subunit to be caught by a main unit subscription. This makes it
possible for an organization with subunits (hierarchy of organizations) to create a single subscription that can catch 
all events with subjects across the organizational hierarchy. 

> The value will have an effect only if the subject filter value is the actual main unit of the organization.

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
The value will have an effect only if the `subjectFilter` value is the actual main unit of the organization.
```
